Add release interview for 1.23 (#33280)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2022-04-29-kubernetes-1.23-release-interview.md

**CRAIG BOX: Were you able to take anything from the testing that we did on frogs and generalize that to higher-order mammals, perhaps?**

REY LEJANO: Yes. Since mammals also have cortical granule lectin, we were able to analyze both the convergence and the evolutionary pattern, not just from multiple species of frogs, but also into mammals as well.

**CRAIG BOX: Now, there's a couple of different threads to unravel here. When you were young, what led you into the fields of biology, and perhaps more the technical side of it?**

REY LEJANO: I think it was mostly from family, since I do have a family history in the medical field that goes back generations. So I kind of felt like that was the natural path going into college.

**CRAIG BOX: Now, of course, you're working in a more abstract tech field. What led you out of microbiology?**

> REY LEJANO: [CHUCKLES] Well, I've always been interested in tech. Taught myself a little programming when I was younger, before high school, did some web dev stuff. Just kind of got burnt out being in a lab. I was literally in the basement. I had a great opportunity to join a consultancy that specialized in [ITIL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ITIL). I actually started off with application performance management, went into monitoring, went into operation management and also ITIL, which is aligning your IT asset management and service managements with business services. Did that for a good number of years, actually.

Reviewer: Optionally, make ITIL a hyperlink (https://www.axelos.com/certifications/itil-service-management/what-is-itil perhaps).

**CRAIG BOX: This sounds like there's an implication in this that v4 is still required. Do you see a world where we can actually move to v6-only clusters?**

REY LEJANO: I think we'll be talking about IPv4 and IPv6 for many, many years to come. I remember a long time ago, they kept saying "it's going to be all IPv6", and that was decades ago.

**CRAIG BOX: I think I may have mentioned on the show before, but there was [a meeting in London that Vint Cerf attended](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEaJtZVimqs), and he gave a public presentation at the time to say, now is the time of v6. And that was 10 years ago at least. It's still not the time of v6, and my desktop still doesn't have Linux on it. One day.**

REY LEJANO: [LAUGHS] In my opinion, that's one of the big key features that went stable for 1.23.

> One of the other highlights of 1.23 is [pod security admission](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission/) going to Beta. I know this feature is going to Beta, but I highlight this because as some people might know, PodSecurityPolicy, which was deprecated in 1.21, is targeted to be removed in 1.25. Pod security admission replaces pod security policy. It's an admission controller. It evaluates the pods against a predefined set of pod security standards to either admit or deny the pod for running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the other highlights of 1.23 is [pod security admission going to Beta. I know this feature is going to Beta](/blog/2021/12/09/pod-security-admission-beta/), but I highlight this because as some people might know, PodSecurityPolicy, which was deprecated in 1.21, is targeted to be removed in 1.25. Pod security admission replaces pod security policy. It's an admission controller. It evaluates the pods against a predefined set of pod security standards to either admit or deny the pod for running.
```
alternatively, lop off the `https://kubernetes.io` from the start of the URL.
